it's not as easy as it looks dice okay
quite the confident to be honest I've
been saving myself for you for this not
about the championship it was about this
yeah I've been working on my calf
muscles actually it's all on the calf
muscles
well I want to say Lindsey's beating me
in the championship always beating me
and it's not happening today oh wow but
you've already saw the first one hey yo
you guys forward one down all right it
was one Vodafone win today yeah it's not
gonna be another I'd assume that blue is
gone up now that first you might be
going out but
I'm pretty excited Sydney hi a beautiful
location for the opera house there the
bridge there it's pretty cool things of
in advantage II I'm definitely gonna
hone the crowd here going whoa screaming
my name
so hopefully you keep it up for the
whole book
I'm gonna slow down I'm running out of
here
Hey
pretty hard so I'm pretty good place to
come on the king
I got no experience in this area and I
tasted one before just tastes like a big
snot
to take out the the wind for holdin to
was was awesome it had plates a sign of
things to come this weekend but it's
been a big Fort Berthold in battle and
unfortunately there has to be a loser
that's forward so the winners I'm only
here to wish the drive as well to wish
the final celebration of a series the
very best as well and to wish each and
every one of you the very best of luck